feat: fill in intro/setup/orientiation sections (#39)
artsy/relay-workshop: src/exercises/03-Testing-Queries/README.md

Start the tests:

💻 _Run `yarn test:watch` from a console pointed at the root of this project_

This command will run Jest in watch mode, and we'll see our tests re-run as we make changes. If you're unfamiliar with Jest, [here's a nice introduction to its features](https://www.testim.io/blog/jest-testing-a-helpful-introductory-tutorial/).

You should see a message that there are "No tests found related to files changed since last commit.":

```
No tests found related to files changed since last commit.
Press `a` to run all tests, or run Jest with `--watchAll`.

Watch Usage
 › Press a to run all tests.
 › Press f to run only failed tests.
 › Press p to filter by a filename regex pattern.
 › Press t to filter by a test name regex pattern.
 › Press q to quit watch mode.
 › Press Enter to trigger a test run.
```

### Orient yourself

#### Artist3Heading component

We are going to write tests against the Artist3Heading component from the previous exercise, which lives in the Artist3Heading.tsx file. This component renders the artist's name and birth year.

#### Artist3Heading tests

> We'll write two tests in this exercise. Both will confirm that the correct information is being rendered by the component, but we'll take two different approaches to the tests: completely isolated from Relay, and integrated with a mocked Relay store.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We'll write two tests in this exercise. Both will confirm that the correct information is being rendered by the component, but we'll take two different approaches to the tests:
1. Completely isolated from Relay
2. Integrated with a mocked Relay store.

```
